% Sets page margins to 1", which is the academic standard
% allows the included extensions of graphic files
% sets graphic path, does not currently work because of space in folder name
% I do not remember what this does
% allows the xhead parameters (text on the top right/left areas of pages)
% \title{TITLE}
% \author{Author}
% \maketitle


\documentclass{article}
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
\usepackage{geometry}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage[pdftex]{graphicx}

%TCIDATA{OutputFilter=LATEX.DLL}
%TCIDATA{Version=5.50.0.2953}
%TCIDATA{<META NAME="SaveForMode" CONTENT="1">}
%TCIDATA{BibliographyScheme=Manual}
%TCIDATA{Created=Monday, January 30, 2012 17:20:46}
%TCIDATA{LastRevised=Thursday, March 08, 2012 10:23:53}
%TCIDATA{<META NAME="GraphicsSave" CONTENT="32">}
%TCIDATA{<META NAME="DocumentShell" CONTENT="Standard LaTeX\Blank - Standard LaTeX Article">}
%TCIDATA{CSTFile=40 LaTeX article.cst}

\newtheorem{theorem}{Theorem}
\newtheorem{acknowledgement}[theorem]{Acknowledgement}
\newtheorem{algorithm}[theorem]{Algorithm}
\newtheorem{axiom}[theorem]{Axiom}
\newtheorem{case}[theorem]{Case}
\newtheorem{claim}[theorem]{Claim}
\newtheorem{conclusion}[theorem]{Conclusion}
\newtheorem{condition}[theorem]{Condition}
\newtheorem{conjecture}[theorem]{Conjecture}
\newtheorem{corollary}[theorem]{Corollary}
\newtheorem{criterion}[theorem]{Criterion}
\newtheorem{definition}[theorem]{Definition}
\newtheorem{example}[theorem]{Example}
\newtheorem{exercise}[theorem]{Exercise}
\newtheorem{lemma}[theorem]{Lemma}
\newtheorem{notation}[theorem]{Notation}
\newtheorem{problem}[theorem]{Problem}
\newtheorem{proposition}[theorem]{Proposition}
\newtheorem{remark}[theorem]{Remark}
\newtheorem{solution}[theorem]{Solution}
\newtheorem{summary}[theorem]{Summary}
\newenvironment{proof}[1][Proof]{\noindent\textbf{#1.} }{\ \rule{0.5em}{0.5em}}
\geometry{left=1in,right=1in,top=1in,bottom=1in} 
\DeclareGraphicsExtensions{.pdf,.png,.jpg}
\graphicspath{{}}
\input{tcilatex}
\setlength{\headheight}{15.2pt}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\lhead{Gruppe 34}
\rhead{FE2: Systemtestplan (SU Fase 1)}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-1}

\begin{document}


\part{FE2: System Testing Plan}

\bigskip The structure of this part is as follows:

\section{Test Name - TestId}

\subsection{Preconditions}

Required conditions.

\subsection{Dependencies}

Tests that are required to work before this test can be run.

\subsection{Objective}

What is the goal of the test?

\subsection{Expected Result}

The test's expected result(s). \newpage

\section{Login - TestId: LoginT}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection to the server is already established.

\subsection{Dependencies}

Working TCP connection, on both the client and the server side. A working
database is recommended, but not required to perform the test.

\subsection{Objective}

Authenticate users on the system. The system should take user name and
password as input, and produce appropriate feedback, whether the
authentication is successful or not. Some additional feedback is handled
locally by the client, like missing input and/or invalid input, such errors
are handled locally as to not bother the system.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the login is successful, the system should respond by changing to the
user's personal view. For testing purposes, the system should also give some
feedback in form of a message, in order for the developers to test the part
independently. \newpage

\section{Add Appointment - TestId: AddApp}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

An authenticated connection to the server has been established.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT

\subsection{Objective}

Add appointments to the system. An appointment contains date, start and end
time, description, place and when the appointment was added to the system.
The system should gather this input from the user. The data should be tested
locally, before adding the appointment to the calendar system. These test
may include validation tests on the input; invalid input, missing data, etc.
If such an error occurs the user should be informed and the data should not
be sent.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the operation is successful, the system should give feedback inform of
changes in the view, and additional messages informing, the user of success.
The latter messages are included to make the testing independently, e.g do
not require GUI.

If the operation yields unsuccessful, the system gives feedback in form of a
message telling the user that the action failed. The message should include
why the operation failed. Possible failures, the appointment already exists,
the room is already booked, and so on. \newpage

\section{Remove Appointment - TestId: RmvApp}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is presented with the correct
view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, AddApp

\subsection{Objective}

Remove a registered appointment from the user's personal calendar. Note: The
appointment has no participants.

\subsection{Expected Result}

The information about the appointment to be deleted, is sent to the server.
The information is required by the server in order to delete appropriate
appointment. The server respond in form of a message that yields
``successful'\ or ``unsuccessful''.

If the operation is successful, the local system perform the appropriate
updates to the view.

If the operation is unsuccessful, the message should indicate why, and the
system must apply the appropriate steps to recover. \newpage

\section{Edit Appointment - TestID: EdApp}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is presented with the correct
view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, AddApp

\subsection{Objective}

Edit information in an already existing appointment in the users personal
calendar. The local system should send the updated information to the
server, some validation is performed on the data to make sure the
information is correct before it is sent. The server should respond to the
update request with ``successful'', or ``unsuccessful''.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the server positively responds to the operation, the local system should
respond by updating the view, and report that the changes are made.

If the server negatively responds to the operation, the local system should
give the appropriate feedback and recover. The feedback should include why
the operation failed. \newpage

\section{Call a meeting - TestId: CallM}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT

\subsection{Objective}

Create a new meeting, setting the person calling the meeting as the meeting
leader. The meeting leader should be able to invite other users from the
company. The data is encapsulated in an appropriate manner, forming a
request to the server. The data should be validated locally before it's
sent. This may involving checking if the participants as well. The server
should request the operation, yielding successful or unsuccessful.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the operation is successful, the view should be updated accordingly, and
status information about the operation should be printed. \bigskip If the
operation is unsuccessful, a message indicating the error should be
displayed, and the system must recover. This may involve interaction by the
user. \newpage

\section{Receive notification of meeting - TestId: RcvNoM}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is in the same company as the
meeting leader.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, CallM

\subsection{Objective}

User should receive the notification, and then be prompted to either accept
or refuse it. Should the user accept it, the meeting should be added as an
appointment to his or her personal calendar. If he refuses it, it should not
be added, and a message is sent to the meeting leader that the meeting was
not accepted by this user. The meeting Leader should then be prompted if he
wants to set a new meeting date, cancel the meeting, or remove the user from
the meeting list.

\subsection{Expected Result}

The participants should receive a notification object from the server. The
object contains all relevant information about the meeting. On client side,
the user should be prompted with the notification. The user can either
accept or decline.

If the user accepts, the view should reflect the changes by adding the
meeting to his personal calendar.

If the user declines, a message notification object should be sent to the
leader. The server is responsible for receiving and correctly re-sending the
notification.

If the operation is unsuccessful, the operation should prompt the user where
the error occurred, and recover. For easier debugging, the sever should in
any case generate a report of the operations carried out. \newpage

\section{Change notification of meeting - TestId: ChngNoM}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user must be the leader of the
meeting in question. The user is presented with the correct view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, CallM

\subsection{Objective}

The meeting leader should be able to edit the date of a meeting. There
should then be sent out message to everyone invited that states the new
date, and the users can accept or refuse the new date. Should a user refuse
the new date, a message should be sent to all other meeting participants,
and the meeting leader should be able to either set another date or cancel
the meeting.

\subsection{Expected Result}

The leader of a meeting should have the ability to change the date of a
meeting through the view from his calendar. Once the date is changed and
committed, the server should send out a notification to all users
participating in the meeting. The users should then be prompted to either
accept the new date, or reject it. Should a user reject the new date, the
leader should get a notification back, and should get an notification to
either cancel the meeting or set a new date. \newpage

\section{Cancel meeting - TestiD: CMeet}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is the leader of the meeting
in question. The user is presented with the correct view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, CallM

\subsection{Objective}

The meeting leader should be able to cancel a meeting. If the leader chooses
to do so a message should be sent to everyone involved, and the meeting
should be cancelled in their personal calendars. Information about the
meeting, including its participants, is encapsulated and sent to the server.
Some local validation of the data may be carried out before its sent. The
server is required to detect and perform the operation, this includes
updating the database, and send a ``cancel'\ notification to all
participants in the list. When completed, or if an error occurs, the server
should either way produce a report containing the operations performed.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the request is carried out successfully, the view will be updated
accordingly in all the clients. For debugging purposes, the result should
also contain a report of the actions performed by the system. This report
should only be sent to the client which performed the operation \newpage

\section{Cancel appointment to meeting - TestId: CApptMeet}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is presented with the correct
view. The user must have received a notification to a meeting.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, CallM, RcVNoM

\subsection{Objective}

A user should be able to cancel his or her appointment to a meeting by
deleting the meeting in his or her personal calendar. A message should then
be sent to all other participants to the meeting, and the meeting leader
should be given a choice to change the meeting date, or cancel the meeting.
The information about the appointment, including information about the
participants, is encapsulated in an appropriate manner, and sent to the
server. \bigskip The server is responsible for sending out notifications to
the other participants, and generate a proper message in the form of a
report, indicating success or unsuccessful. The report should be generated
when the server have the proper responses from the clients. The server may
also keep track of ``pending'\ messages so the users are aware of any
changes made, during offline time.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the operation is carried out successful, the view should be updated
accordingly. Either way a report is generated. The report is used for
debugging. \newpage

\section{Reserve a meeting room - TestId: RsrvMRoom}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established.The user must have called a meeting or
have set up an appointment. The user is presented with the correct view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

LoginT, CallM or AddApp

\subsection{Objective}

When creating a meeting or an appointment, a user should be able to, instead
of writing a place where the meeting/appointment should take place, reserve
a meeting room from a list of available rooms. The application should create
a list with available rooms in the time period when the meeting is
scheduled, the user should then be able to choose a room from this list.
Should a meeting or an appointment with a booked room be canceled, the
application should delete the room reservation from the calendar.

\subsection{Expected Result}

The user should receive a message if the reservation process went through
successfully, including the room number and the allocated time frame. If an
error occurred, the program should return an error message and file a report
to be used for debugging. \newpage

\section{Show all - TestId: ShowAll}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is presented with the correct
view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

Login, CallM or AddApp

\subsection{Objective}

The application shall show a weekly calendar in which all the users
appointments and meetings are inserted. It should be easy to flip between
different weeks.

\subsection{Expected Result}

If the operation is successful, the user should be given a view of a weekly
calendar with all his appointments and meetings inserted. If the user has no
appointments or meetings, the calendar should be empty, possibly displaying
a message that there are no plans for the coming weeks. \newpage

\section{Track meeting notifications - TestId: TrckMNot}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is presented with the correct
view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

Login, CallM, RcvNoM

\subsection{Objective}

The calendar server should track the following notifications for a meeting;
accepted, cancelled and pending. The server should produce a report whenever
an update is made on a specific meeting. The report should be sent to the
leader of the meeting.

\subsection{Expected Result}

The report from the server is analyzed and the notifications are updated
accordingly. \newpage

\section{Show other calendars - TestId: ShowOtherCal}

\subsection{Precondition(s)}

A connection is already established. The user is presented with the calendar
view.

\subsection{Dependencies}

Login, CallM or AddApp

\subsection{Objective}

The application should be able to show other users appointments side by side
the current users appointments in his calendar.

\subsection{Expected Result}

The user should, upon choosing another user from the ``other calendars'\
button, be presented with a calendar view including that users meetings and
appointments and meetings, as well as the other users appointments and
meetings.

\end{document}
